treewide: Update Edge Impulse URI (#6)
jfischer-no/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth samples
-----------------

> 
> * :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard` and :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` samples register HID Service before Bluetooth is enabled (before calling the :c:func:`bt_enable` function).
>   The :c:func:`bt_gatt_service_register` function can no longer be called after enabling Bluetooth and before loading settings.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard` sample:

  * Updated the sample to register the HID Service before enabling Bluetooth (calling the :c:func:`bt_enable` function).
    The :c:func:`bt_gatt_service_register` function can no longer be called after enabling Bluetooth and before loading settings.
  
* :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` sample:

  * Updated the sample to register the HID Service before enabling Bluetooth (calling the :c:func:`bt_enable` function).
    The :c:func:`bt_gatt_service_register` function can no longer be called after enabling Bluetooth and before loading settings.
```

tbc - suggested 'updated' but please let me know if this is incorrect

Author: The commit was not in scope of my original PR. It was introduced here: https://github.com/jfischer-no/sdk-nrf/pull/4 and it was accepted by Divya, can we keep it ?

Other samples
-------------

> * Updated the machine learning model (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EDGE_IMPULSE_URI`) used by the :ref:`ei_wrapper_sample` sample to ensure compatibility with the new Zephyr version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`ei_wrapper_sample` sample:
   
  * Updated the machine learning model (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EDGE_IMPULSE_URI`) to ensure compatibility with the new Zephyr version.
```
